# Story-Generator

## Project goal:
This is mainly a learning project for myself. But the end goal is to build a system that will store a database of characters, allow the creation of new characters (both randomly generated by the program and directed creation by the user), and then will utilize those characters to generate a story. This story will be presented as text and be output to an html file. 

The story generation itself will be done through a series of nodes with each node calling on a character to do something, determining the result of that something, and then generating a passage to be added to the story and then moving onto the next node.

Example:

The characters used in this segment will be 
- Invictus, a Space marine
- a Training Drone projecting the image of a Chaos Cultist. 

Invictus is called on to make a weapon skill check to determine if his attack strikes the training drone or not. There are two possible outcomes of this test: Invictus passes the test, or Invictus fails the test.

If Invictus passes the weapon skill check, the following passage would be generated and added to the story being produced:

> Invictus brought the sword around in a downward slash, bifurcating the target drone in a flurry of sparks, the image of a cultist being projected by it momentarily showing the simulated injury of having been sliced from left shoulder to right hip before flickering out of existence.

If Invictus fails the weapon skill check, the following passage would be added to the story:

> The heft of the sword sliced through nothing but air, the combined weight of the weapon and the inertia of the failed attack pulling Invictus off balance. The cogitator controlling the training drone having calculated that the cultist would be able to dodge Invictus' attack and thus had moved aside to avoid the blow.

The system would then load the next node, which would call on another test, determine the result, and so forth until it reaches a node that does not have a test condition and thus would generate the end of the story.

## Project plan:
This is the plan and projections for the project. The project is divided into large phases that cover broad advancements and developments such as high level class development and methods, while lower sections will include things like creating sub-classes.
### phase 1- characters and objects
### Section 1- Basic characters and objects
* create character class
* create race class
* create skill class
* create abilities class
* create weapon class
* create ranged weapon subclass
* create a Ammo Container class
* create an ammo class
* create melee weapon subclass
* create a Psychic powers class
	
#### Phase 1 - Section 1 complete when: 
1 -Can generate a Character sheet that includes:
* Name
* race
* Weapon Skill
* Ballistic skill
* Strength
* Toughness
* Agility
* Intelligence
* Perception
* Will Power
* Fellowship
* A list of the Character Skills
* a list of Character Abilities
* psychic powers (if any)
* Character experience points
* total wounds
* current wounds
* Insanity
* Half Movement
* Full Movement
* Fate Points
* Corruption
* Carry capacity
* Psy Rating

Example Character sheet:
see: planning/character_sheet.txt

2 -Can generate a Skill sheet that includes:
* skill name
* character stat the skill tests on
* skill rank
* description of the skill

Example Skill sheet:
see: planning/skill_sheet.txt
3 - Can generate an info card for ranged weapons that includes:
* name of the weapon
* type of the weapon
* class of the weapon
* range of the weapon
* Rate of fire
* range of damage
* Damage type
* Penetration rating
* What type of ammo storage the weapon can take
* reload time in turns
* list of special rules
* weight of the weapon when empty

Example Ranged Weapon sheet:
see planning/weapon_sheet(ranged).txt

4 - Can generate an info card for melee weapons that includes:
* name of the weapon
* type of the weapon
* class of the weapon
* Rate of fire
* range of damage
* Damage type
* Penetration rating
* What type of ammo storage the weapon can take
* reload time in turns
* list of special rules
* weight of the weapon when empty

Example Melee Weapon sheet:
see: planning/weapon_sheet(melee).txt

5 - Can generate an abilities info card that includes:
* name of the ability
* description of the ability
* Pre-requisite

Example Abilities info card:
see: planning/ability_sheet.txt

6 - Can generate an info card for psychic powers that includes:
* name of the power
* focus level in number of turns
* If the power can be opposed or not
* Range of the power
* weather the power can be sustained or not
* Power Description

Examples psychic powers card:
see: planning/psychic_power_sheet.txt

### Section 2- Divergent characters
* create space marine class
* create Eldars class
* create human class
* create Rogue Trader class
* create Traitor Astartes class
* create Tyranid class
* create Necron class
* create animal class
* create Space Marine Chapter class
* create Traitor Astartes Legion class

#### Phase 1 - Section 2 complete when: 
1- Can generate Info Card for examples of each the classes listed above.

### Section 3 - further divergent characters
* create sub-class for Ultramarine that will inherit from Space Marine Class
* create sub-class for Ultramarine that will inherite from Space Marine Class
* create sub-class for Blood Angel that will inherite from Space Marine Class
* create sub-class for Iron Hands that will inherite from Space Marine Class
* create sub-class for Raven Guard that will inherite from Space Marine Class
* create sub-class for Salamanders that will inherite from Space Marine Class
* create sub-class for White Scars that will inherite from Space Marine Class
* create sub-class for Dark Angels that will inherite from Space Marine Class
* create sub-class for Imperial Fists that will inherite from Space Marine Class
* create sub-class for Storm Wardens that will inherite from Space Marine Class
* create sub-class for Black Templars that will inherite from Space Marine Class
* create sub-class for Blood Ravens that will inherite from Space Marine Class
* create sub-class for Red Scorpians that will inherite from Space Marine Class
* create sub-class for Red Scorpians that will inherite from Space Marine Class
* create sub-class for Marines Errant that will inherite from Space Marine Class
* create sub-class for Flesh Tearers that will inherite from Space Marine Class
* create sub-class for Crimson Fists that will inherite from Space Marine Class
* create sub-class for Howling Griffons that will inherite from Space Marine Class
* create sub-class for Novamarines that will inherite from Space Marine Class
* create sub-class for Raptors that will inherite from Space Marine Class
* create sub-class for Cacharodons that will inherite from Space Marine Class
* create sub-class for Blood Angel that will inherite from Space Marine Class
* create sub-class for Apostate that will inherite from human class
* create sub-class for Heretek that will inherite from human class.
* create sub-class for Renegade that will inherite from human class.
* create sub-class for Psyker that will inherite from human class.
* create sub-class for Heretek that will inherite from human class.
* create sub-class for Champion that will inherite from Traitor At class
* create sub-class for Chosen that will inherite from Traitor At class
* create sub-class for Sorcerer that will inherite from Traitor At class
* create sub-class for Forsaken that will inherite from Traitor At class
* create sub-class for Aspect Warrior that will inherite from Eldar class.
* create sub-class for Void Weaver that will inherite from Eldar class.
* create sub-class for Ranger that will inherite from eldar class.
* create sub-class for Guardsman that will inherite from human class.
* create sub-class for sheneshall that will inherite from Rogue Trader class.	
* create sub-class for militant that will inherite from Rogue Trader class.
* create sub-class for engineer that will inherite from Rogue Trader class.
* create sub-class for Emperors Children that will inherite from Traitor Astartes class.	
* create sub-class for Iron Warriors that will inherite from Traitor Astartes class.
* create sub-class for World Eaters that will inherite from Traitor Astartes class.
* create sub-class for Thousand Sons that will inherite from Traitor Astartes class.
* create sub-class for Rubic Marine that will inherite from Traitor Astartes class.
* create sub-class for Black Legion that will inherite from Traitor Astartes class.
* create sub-class for Plague Marines that will inherite from Traitor Astartes class.
* create sub-class for Noise Marines that will inherite from Traitor Astartes class.
* create sub-class for Berzerkers that will inherite from Traitor Astartes class.
* create sub-class for Death Guard that will inherite from Traitor Astartes class.
* create sub-class for Warrior that will inherite from Necron class.
* create sub-class for Wraith that will inherite from Necron class.
* create sub-class for Flayed One that will inherite from Necron class.
* create sub-class for Lord that will inherite from Necron class.	

### Section 4- objects
Create sub-classes for different types of weapons
